Pattern idea: duplicated-projects.md (#253)
gruetter/innerSourceTest: duplicated-projects.md

## Title
Duplicated Projects

## Patlet
Forthcoming ...

## Problem

> * Multiple teams are doing inner source, but they don't want to work together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Multiple teams are doing InnerSource, but they don't want to work together.
```

* Multiple teams are working on the same product.  How do they merge?

## Story (Optional)
e.g. Splunk. 

> * 4 unique products have significant overlap.  Discovered after inner sourcing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 4 unique products have significant overlap.  Discovered after opening them up as InnerSource projects.
```

Author: I worked this in via a separate commit. Thanks for the fix @lenucksi !

> * This could apply to move than just inner sourcing situations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* This could apply to move than just InnerSource situations
```

Author: ```suggestion
* This could apply to more than just InnerSource situations
```

## Context

> * Multiple teams (doing inner source or not) are trying to tackle the same problem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Multiple teams (doing InnerSource or not) are trying to tackle the same problem.
```
